Dear Spark Learner, Thanks so much for attending the Spark Summit 2014!  Check out videos of talks from the summit at ...
Hi Mom, Apologies for being late about emailing and forgetting to send you the package.  I hope you and bro have been ...
Wow, hey Fred, just heard about the Spark petabyte sort.  I think we need to take time to try it out immediately ...
Hi Spark user list, This is my first question to this list, so thanks in advance for your help!  I tried running ...
Thanks Tom for your email.  I need to refer you to Alice for this one.  I haven't yet figured out that part either ...
Good job yesterday!  I was attending your talk, and really enjoyed it.  I want to try out GraphX ...
Summit demo got whoops from audience!  Had to let you know. --Joe
Hello Dr. Smith, thank you for great presentation, the whole class enjoyed your introduction to spark, hope you can give another presentation soon
Dear Jeff, We look forward to seeing you next week at the JavaOne conference. We are anticipating an exciting event, with more than 300 expert-led technical sessions, BOFs, Hands-on Labs, and special events throughout the week. This email will help you begin your week at the JavaOne conference. Please print it for your reference on site.
Hi Steve, Currently, I am a senior server architect for a startup company (called facebook.com) and managing a group of 14 server-side Java enginees. We are developing "server-side components" for mobile applications. I am in process of writing a book called: facebook the unwritten manual. Are you interested in such a book?
Hi Mary, Hope all is well.  Following up with our last discussion, would like to check with you potential time for in-person meeting next week.  Let us know which days you will be available at 4:30pm onwards, and we will coordinate on our side.
Hello Jeff, Thank you for your email. I do not have a discount code for the book. If you just need a copy for yourself, I can provide it to you free of charge (you just need to come to my office to get it). If you want multiple copies, then please let me know and then I will talk to my editor. Please let me know.
Dear Joe, We at the Big Data are growing our Engineering teams and looking for someone to join our DSE - Search organization.  I am hopeful that either you or someone you know could be interested in this role. Please let me know if you would be interested in speaking further about Big Data.
Hello Susan, Thank you very much for your email and introduction. It seems you are doing a lot of good things with Spark, Hadoop and Big data. I would recommend you take a look at Spark (spark.apache.org) as well. All of the source code and bonus chapters are posted at the GitHub:  If I can be any further help on Spark, please let me know.
Hello Alex, I read your advanced Spark book on machine learning and it is very intersting that you talk about linear regression and logistic algorithms: these algorithms will help to unlock the power of genome for the whole world, thanks.
Hello Mary, I am excited to invite you to the Spark Summit in San Francisco. The Spark summit will cover Hadoop, machine learning, mobile application development and cache optimizations, hope you can join us. -- Alan
I was able to load 20 billion records into HBase and Hadoop. The performance was very good, the query for a single row was less than a second.
For your appointment on Friday May 11, save time at the front desk by completing the following eCheck-in steps: Confirm information and Verify insurance
data center knowledge: Twitter Turns to Google Cloud to Better Cope with Scale Those clusters occupied close to 20 percent of all hardware behind Twitter as of January 2017, according to a blog post by the company’s VP of infrastructure and operations, Mazdak Hashemi. In this week’s post, Agrawal said Twitter’s Hadoop file systems host more than 300PB of data 
Hi - I will meet him on Wednesday. He is unprepared for our meetings so he sits and works by himself and isn’t ready to work together. Giving him an extra day will hopefully allow him to be prepared then we can use our time together more efficiently. I am hoping he is able to finish 3 of the 5 credits with me by May 18th.
